Q. EVM is able to schedule transactions because of its quasi turing completenes.<br>
A. True <br>
B. False <br>
 <br>
Q. At the lower level each ethereum address represents an account comprising of the following. Select all that apply. <br>
A. Nonce <br>
B. Balance <br>
C. Storage <br>
D. Program Code <br>
 <br>
Q. Link the following to their appropriate description. <br>
A. miner fee  <br>
B. transaction fee <br>
C. gas remaining <br>
D. refunded ether <br>
 <br>
A. gas cost * gas price <br>
B. gas limit - gas cost <br>
C. remaining gas * gas price <br>
D. gas used * gas price <br>
 <br>
Q. Immutablity vs Finality. Select the correct descriptions. <br>
A. Immutability is who can change the past & how <br>
B. Finality is who can change the future & how <br>
C. Immutability is who can change the future & how <br>
D. Finality is who can chage the past & how. <br>
 <br>
Q. What is the purpose of DAG within Ethash. Select all that apply. <br>
A. To make Ethash dependent on maintaining a large frequently accessed data structure. <br>
B. To make Ethash ASIC resistance. <br>
C. To To make Ethash not dependent on maintaining a large frequently accessed data structure. <br>
D. To make Chap 14 of the book long enough to be a chapter. <br>
 <br>
Q. Which of the following is true? <br>
A. The output from <code>solc --bin Faucet.sol</code> is a subset of <code>solc --bin-runtime Faucet.sol</code><br>
B. The output from <code>solc --bin Faucet.sol</code> contains the contract initiation code <br>
C. The output from <code>solc --bin Faucet.sol</code> contains code that will load the contract code into the ROM for deployment<br>
Q. Which of the following is true? <br>
A. The dispatcher reads in the data field of the transaction and sends the relevant part to the appropriate function.<br>
B. The dispatcher reads in the data field of the deployment transaction and stores the contract code in the EVM.<br>
C. The dispatcher checks if the call data is less than 4 bytes<br>
D. The dispatcher identifies the functions by the output from the keccak256() function<br>

Q. Which of the following is true? <br>
A. The directed acyclic graph is built in such a way as to optimise the ASIC performance.<br>
B. Future versions of Ethereum will run a hybrid PoW/PoS.<br>
C. The PoS is the more optimal consensus class of algorithm.<br>
