Q. Trapdoor functions are difficult to invert without secret information that can be used as a shortcut to reverse the function. <br/>
A. True * <br/>
B. False <br/>
 <br/>
Q. What is discreet logarithm problem <br/>
A. Division is simple but Multiplication modulo a prime is impossible <br/>
B. Multiplication modulo a prime is simple but division is impossible * <br/>
C. Subtraction is simple but addition is impossible <br/>
D. Division and Multiplication are impossible  <br/>
 <br/>
Q. Creating an ethereum private key essentially involves picking a number between <br/>
A. 64 digit number between 0 - 2^256 <br/>
B. 78 digit number between 1 & 2^256 * <br/>
C. 64 digit number between 1 & 10^76 <br/>
D. 78 digit number between 1 & 10^78 <br/>
 <br/>
Q. Public key is <br/>
A. k ^ G <br/>
B. k * G  * <br/>
C. k / G  <br/>
D. G * k^2  <br/>
 <br/>
Q. Ethereum and Bitcoin use different elliptic curves <br/>
A. True <br/>
B. False * <br/>
 <br/>
Q. Generator point is always same for all ethereum users. <br/>
A. True * <br/>
B. False <br/>
 <br/>
Q. What is hash collision <br/>
A. Finding two sets of output data that hash to the same input <br/>
B. Finding two sets of input data that hash to the same output * <br/>
C. Two private keys that result in the same public key <br/>
D. Two public keys that were generated by the same private key<br/>
<br/>
Q. What is the country code for ICAP<br/>
A. EX<br/>
B. EH<br/>
C. ET<br/>
D. XE *<br/>
<br/>
Q. Ethereum addresses are hexadecimal numbers<br/>
A. True * <br/>
B. False <br/>
<br/>
Q. Ethereum addresses are derived from the last n bytes of the hash of the public key<br/>
A. 20 * <br/>
B. 24 <br/>
C. 28 <br/>
D. 32 <br/>
<br/>
Q. Tyes of Ethereum accounts:<br/>
A. Externally Owned Account (EOA) * <br/>
B. Contract * <br/>
C. Node validator Account<br/>
D. Transaction Gas Storage Account<br/>
<br/>
Q. You can change the private key for your ethereum address?<br/>
A. True<br/>
B. False * <br/>
<br/>
Q. You need to be running a full node or connected to a full node to generate an ethereum private key?<br/>
A. True<br/>
B. False * <br/>
<br/>
Q. How many bits is an ethereum private key?<br/>
A. 64<br/>
B. 256 * <br/>
C. 512<br/>
D. 1024<br/>
<br/>
Q. Ethereum uses which hash library?<br/>
A. FIPS-202 SHA-3<br/>
B. Keccak-256<br/>
<br/>
Q. Ethereum addresses have built in checksum just like Bitcoin?<br/>
A. False * <br/>
B. True<br/>
<br/>
Q. Which address uses EIP-55?<br/>
A. 0x001d3f1ef827552ae1114027bd3ecf1f086ba0f9<br/>
B. 0x001d3F1ef827552Ae1114027BD3ECF1f086bA0F9 * <br/>
